> *Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.*  
> —  John Maynard Keynes *(falsely attributed — with probability bordering on certainty)*

# ⟡⟡⟡ Σιγναλ Σιγμα ⟡⟡⟡

**TODO:** Proof-check the Windows versions of make target

**WARNING**: TOC is autogenerated by a very aggressiv VS Code extension!

<!-- no_toc -->
- [⟡⟡⟡ Σιγναλ Σιγμα ⟡⟡⟡](#-σιγναλ-σιγμα-)
    - [Synopsis](#synopsis)
    - [Installation](#installation)
        - [Requirements](#requirements)
        - [Setup](#setup)
        - [Clean-Up](#clean-up)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
<!-- /no_toc -->

## Synopsis

**TODO** Write this paragraph

## Installation

### Requirements

- Python 3.11.3
- pyenv

### Setup

1. Navigate to a working directory of your choice, then clone the repository and enter it:

   ``` shell
   git clone https://github.com/julialoeschel/capstone-SignalSigma.git &&
       cd capstone-SignalSigma
   ```

2. Choose a setup option based on your operating system and intended use:

   - `make basic-unix` / `make basic-win`: for general use or exploration (core dependencies only).
   - `make dev-unix` / `make dev-win`: for contributors (includes development tools like linters and pre-commit hooks).

   If you prefer to run the commands manually yourself or want to inspect what each `make` target does first, use the `-n` flag for a dry run. This prints the commands without executing them:

   ``` shell
   make -n <target>
   ```

3. Activate the virtual environment:

   - On macOS/Linux, run:

     ```shell
     source .venv/bin/activate
     ```

   - On Windows (PowerShell), run:

     ``` powershell
     .\.venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
     ```

### Clean-Up

Besides performing a complete purge by manually deleting the project directory, you can use the following `make` targets to selectively clean the directory:

- `make clear-unix` / `make clear-win`: Removes build artifacts from the `data/`, `logs/`, `plots/` directories.
- `make reset-unix` / `make reset-win`: Removes, in addition to the previous option, also the virtual environment.

For a dry run preview, use the `-n` flag.

## Usage

**TODO:** Write this paragraph

## Disclaimer

This project is intended solely for research, educational, and prototyping purposes. It does not constitute financial advice and should not be used for real-world trading or investment decisions without independent verification and consultation with a qualified financial advisor.

Although the developers have become very rich (purely coincidentally, of course), you should make your own decisions responsibly and at your own risk.

---
